added note on non-xcode llvm fix (#60)
tlsnotary/tlsn-js: readme.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **Note on Rust-to-WASM Compilation**: This project requires compiling Rust into WASM, which needs [`clang`](https://clang.llvm.org/) version 16.0.0 or newer. MacOS users, be aware that Xcode's default `clang` might be older. If you encounter the error `No available targets are compatible with triple "wasm32-unknown-unknown"`, it's likely due to an outdated `clang`. Updating `clang` to a newer version should resolve this issue.
>

> > For MacOS aarch64 users, if Apple's clang isnt woking, try installing llvm via homebrew. Then set the following ENVs to get the build to work:<br>
> > ```export AR=/opt/homebrew/opt/llvm/bin/llvm-ar``` <br>
> > ```export CC=/opt/homebrew/opt/llvm/bin/clang```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For MacOS aarch64 users, if Apple's default `clang` isn't working, try installing `llvm` via Homebrew (`brew install llvm`). You can then prioritize the Homebrew `clang` over the default macOS version by modifying your `PATH`. Add the following line to your shell configuration file (e.g., `.bashrc`, `.zshrc`):
> ```sh
> export PATH="/opt/homebrew/opt/llvm/bin:$PATH"
> ```
```
